FEAT Update Data Dictionary for Alerts Data (#336)
mbta/lamp: Data_Dictionary.md

LAMP currently produces the following sets of public data exports:
- [On Time Performance Data (Subway)](#on-time-performance-data-subway)
- [OPMI Tableau Exports](#opmi-tableau-exports)

> - [GTFS Realtime Alerts Archive](#gtfs-alerts-archive)

Reviewer: Since this export only contains a subset of the available Alerts fields that was selected by OPMI, I think it should be grouped with the `OMPI Tableau Exports`.

| vehicle_consist | string | Pipe separated concatenation of `multi_carriage_details` labels in [CarridageDetails](https://gtfs.org/realtime/reference/#message-carriagedetails) | GTFS-RT
| stop_id | string | equivalent to GTFS-RT `stop_id` value in [VehiclePosition](https://gtfs.org/realtime/reference/#message-vehicleposition)| GTFS-RT |
| parent_station | string | `stop_name` of the `parent_station` associated with the `stop_id` from [stops.txt](https://gtfs.org/schedule/reference/#stopstxt)  | GTFS |

> | stop_sequence | int16 | equivalent to GTFS-RT jj/`current_stop_sequence` value in [VehiclePosition](https://gtfs.org/realtime/reference/#message-vehicleposition) | GTFS-RT |

Author: yup.

| trip_id | string | `trip_id` from [trips.txt](https://gtfs.org/schedule/reference/#tripstxt)
| direction_id | int8 | `direction_id` from [trips.txt](https://gtfs.org/schedule/reference/#tripstxt)
| block_id | string | `block_id` from [trips.txt](https://gtfs.org/schedule/reference/#tripstxt)
| static_version_key | int64 | key used to link GTFS static schedule versions between tables |

# GTFS Alerts Archive

> Each row represents an update to an Realtime Alert, paired with unique Route, Stop, and Direction information. All timestamp fields are in POSIX time, the integer number of seconds since 1 January 1970 00:00:00 UTC. All datetimes in are Eastern Standard Time.

Reviewer: Need to explain what a "record" represents in this dataset, specifically what fields we are exploding from the GTFS-RT Alerts specification. 

Definition of `timestamp` and datetime` fields are fine up here, but should also be repeated for each individual field.

| field name | type | description |

> | ---------- | ---- | ----------- |

Reviewer: Should probably include a `source` column if any fields would be considered a LAMP created aggregation

| id | int64 | Unique identifier for this Alert. Subsequent updates to it will have the same ID. |
| cause | string | String from [Cause](https://github.com/google/transit/blob/master/gtfs-realtime/spec/en/reference.md#enum-cause) enum. Will be present if `cause_detail` is not null. |

> | cause_detail | string | Description of the cause of the alert that allows for agency-specific language; more specific than the Cause. If cause_detail is included, then `cause` must also be included. |

Reviewer: To match the format of our other data dictionaries, if a field has a direction correlation to a GTFS-RT Alerts field, it should be referenced as "equivalent to GTFS-RT `gtfs-rt-field` from (gtfs-rt reference from either gtfs.org or mbta gtfs github reference if does not exist at gtfs.org) 

No need for us to maintain our own definitions and risk getting out of sync with official sources.

| trip_id | string | `trip_id` from [trips.txt](https://gtfs.org/schedule/reference/#tripstxt)
| direction_id | int8 | `direction_id` from [trips.txt](https://gtfs.org/schedule/reference/#tripstxt)
| block_id | string | `block_id` from [trips.txt](https://gtfs.org/schedule/reference/#tripstxt)
| static_version_key | int64 | key used to link GTFS static schedule versions between tables |

## LAMP_RT_ALERTS

> The GTFS Realtime Alerts feed is archived here. Each alert contains a list of possibly many active periods and another list of arrays describing stops along routes in directions that are impacted by the alert. Both lists are exploded in this dataset. Each record represents an updated to an alert impacting a stop along a route in a direction with for a given active period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MBTA GTFS Realtime [Alerts](https://github.com/mbta/gtfs-documentation/blob/master/reference/gtfs-realtime.md) feed is archived in this dataset. 

Each row of this dataset represents an entry from the [`informed_entity`](https://gtfs.org/realtime/reference/#message-entityselector) and [`active_period`](https://gtfs.org/realtime/reference/#message-timerange) fields of the Alert message being exploded.
```
